catalog-ms-graph: fixes #13298, ignored userExpand and groupExpand parameters (#13299)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/afraid-radios-boil.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend-module-msgraph': patch
---

> Fixed bug in MicrosoftGraphEntityProvider ignores userExpand and groupExpand configuration parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug in the `MicrosoftGraphEntityProvider` that ignored the `userExpand` and `groupExpand` configuration parameters
```
